Hi this is CJ South representing expertvillage.com.
In this clip I'm going to show you the capture
clip feature in final cut pro. Okay, time
to go over my personal favorite way to capture:
the capture clip method. Like I said before,
I like more control over my clips, and this
is control right here. You can basically set
a specific portion that you'll want to capture,
and you can set it and leave it and go. We
capture, now you have to be there so you can
hit escape to make it stop but, with capture
clip it will automatically start where you
want it to start and stop where you want it
to stop. So its very powerful, especially
when you have all the things to do, which
I do all the time and I'm sure you do as well.
So now to make capture clip work you have
to set a in and a out point on your footage.
I briefly showed that earlier, so I will show
you again. Just go ahead and click the play
button to play your footage. Then you can
hit this button to the left here called mark
in. you can hit that to make a in point or
you can hit 'I' on your keyboard to make an
in point, and then come to the right here
and click the mark out button, or just click
'O' on your keyboard. Go ahead and stop that.
Now as you can see my in point was set at
whatever the footage was when it was running;
as soon I found that spot I hit the 'I' key,
and whatever the time code was in that moment
is now frozen at my in mark. Same with the
out. Out is now frozen at whatever I hit the
'O' key at or I clicked the button there.
So now you have this space, this area in between
these two time codes that you want to capture.
If you look in the upper left corner, you
can see where this is the duration is. So
my clip is going to be 8.15 seconds: 8 seconds
and 15 frames. So now to capture that footage,
I just go ahead and I'll click the clip button
and the log clip comes up. Now it is going
to ask you what is the name, and a default
to the name that you have put over in the
description. So you can rename it here if
you want, but I recommend leaving it at whatever
the description was when you named it. You
can put a note too but don't worry about it,
just go ahead and click okay. Now what it
does is now it cues your tape back to that
first time code that you set your in point,
and it will play and capture through the out
point that you set. So when it is all said
and done, all you will get is that portion
that you wanted and it will throw it into
your bin, your browser window, as it is doing
right now—it is capturing that section.
Then it hit a time code break; that happens.
My skills as a cameraman sometimes suck. So
we'll capture and put into your browser and
that is all there is to it. And you can continue
to do that, to capture a specific section
that you want in your footage.